Feat/footer component (#241)
okp4/ui: stories/molecules/components/footer/Footer.stories.mdx

import { ArgsTable, Meta, Story, Canvas, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { ThemeProvider } from 'ui/atoms/theme/ThemeProvider'
import { ThemeSwitcher } from 'ui/atoms/theme/ThemeSwitcher'
import { Footer } from 'ui/molecules/footer/Footer'
import { Typography } from 'ui/atoms/typography/Typography'
import { loadTranslations } from 'i18n/utils'
import { useTranslation } from 'hook/useTranslation'
import footer_en from './i18n/footer_en.json'
import footer_fr from './i18n/footer_fr.json'
import footer_se from './i18n/footer_se.json'
import footer_it from './i18n/footer_it.json'
import { Button } from 'ui/atoms/button/Button'

<Meta
  title="Molecules/Footer"
  component={Footer}
  parameters={{
    actions: { argTypesRegex: '^on.*' },
    docs: {
      source: {
        type: 'code',
        format: true,
        language: 'jsx'
      }
    }
  }}
  decorators={[
    Story => {
      return (
        <ThemeProvider>
          <div style={{ padding: '20px 30px' }}>
            <ThemeSwitcher />
          </div>
          <Story />
        </ThemeProvider>
      )
    }
  ]}
/>

# Footer

> > Helps users to find useful information and site functionality.

Reviewer: Maybe we can turn this sentence into plural, it's up to you.
```suggestion
> Helps users to find useful informations and site functionalities.
```

Author: Yes makes sense, although information is a mass noun in english and as such the spelling does not change, see [This explanation](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/117552/why-does-information-not-have-a-plural-form).

[![stability-unstable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-unstable-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/emersion/stability-badges#unstable)

## Description

**Footer** is a responsive component which embeds two main elements:

- A `LanguageSwitcher` component that offers users the ability to change the language of the application.
- A `secondaryElement` Optional element that is positioned last in the reading flow.

## Overview

<Story
  name="Overview"
  argTypes={{
    languages: {

>       control: false,

Author: I had forgotten to change this 😞 will be done

      table: {
        type: { summary: 'Languages' }
      }
    },
    secondaryElement: {
      control: false,
      table: {
        type: { summary: 'JSX.Element' }
      }
    }
  }}
  args={{
    languages: [
      {
        name: 'English',
        lng: 'en'
      },
      {
        name: 'Français',
        lng: 'fr'
      }
    ]
  }}
>
  {args => {

>     const translationsToLoad = [

Author: I've talked with @lolottetheclash and I understand better now how translations are supposed to be rendered

      { lng: 'en', namespace: 'footer', resource: footer_en },
      { lng: 'se', namespace: 'languageSwitcher', resource: footer_se },
      { lng: 'it', namespace: 'languageSwitcher', resource: footer_it },
      { lng: 'se', namespace: 'footer', resource: footer_se },
      { lng: 'it', namespace: 'footer', resource: footer_it },
      { lng: 'fr', namespace: 'footer', resource: footer_fr }
    ]

>     loadTranslations(translationsToLoad)

Reviewer: Maybe we could refactor all code associated to translations into a dedicated function.

Author: Yes it would improve readability, will do 😃 👍

    const { t } = useTranslation()
    const secondaryElement = renderSecondaryElement(t)
    return (
      <div style={{ width: '100%' }}>
        <Footer {...args} secondaryElement={secondaryElement} />
      </div>
    )
  }}
</Story>

export const renderSecondaryElement = t => (
  <Typography as="p" color="highlighted-text" fontSize="x-small" fontWeight="xlight" noWrap>

>     {t('footer:brand-link')}{' '}

Reviewer: Please, move space (`{' '}`) directly into `{t('footer:brand-link')}` using JS interpolation / concatenation

Author: Done 👍

    <Typography color="highlighted-text" fontSize="x-small" fontWeight="bold">
      <a href="https://okp4.network/" rel="author noreferrer" target="_blank">
        ØKP4
      </a>
    </Typography>
  </Typography>
)

---

### Properties

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Languages

`languages` takes a list of languages to be implemented in the `language switcher`.
See <a href="?path=/docs/guidelines-internationalization--page">internationalization</a>
for information on how to load translations.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Languages">
    {args => (
      <Footer
        languages={[
          {
            name: 'English',
            lng: 'en'
          },
          {
            name: 'Français',
            lng: 'fr'
          },
          {
            name: 'Svenska',

>             lng: 'se'

Author: You are right, it will be changed accordingly, good catch 😄

          },
          {
            name: 'Italiano',
            lng: 'it'
          }
        ]}
      />
    )}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Secondary element

`secondaryElement` is an optional property to add an additional element to the component.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Secondary element">
    {args => (
      <Footer
        languages={[
          {
            name: 'English',
            lng: 'en'
          },
          {
            name: 'Français',
            lng: 'fr'
          }
        ]}
        secondaryElement={buttons}
      />
    )}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

> export const buttons = <Button label="ØKP4" />

Reviewer: This constant seems to be useless here

Author: Yes, I will refactor it

import { ArgsTable, Meta, Story, Canvas, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { ThemeProvider } from 'ui/atoms/theme/ThemeProvider'
import { ThemeSwitcher } from 'ui/atoms/theme/ThemeSwitcher'
import { Footer } from 'ui/molecules/footer/Footer.tsx'
import './footer.scss'

<Meta
  title="Molecules/Footer"
  component={Footer}

>   parameters={{

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that we need `parameters` ...?

>   parameters={{

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that we need `parameters` ...?

    )
  ]}
/>

# Footer

[![stability-unstable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-unstable-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/emersion/stability-badges#unstable)

## Description

**Footer** is a responsive component which embeds two main elements:

- A `LanguageSwitcher` component which offers users the ability to change the language of the application.
- A `Brand link` which links to the ØKP4 website.

## Overview

<Story name="Overview">
  <div style={{ width: '100%' }}>
    <Footer />
  </div>
</Story>

---

## Responsiveness

The component was built according to the principles of Responsive Web Design (see <a href="?path=/docs/guidelines-responsive-web-design--page">dedicated guideline</a> ) in particular thanks to the use of media queries and a responsive grid.
This allows the component to adapt to any screen size, from the smallest phone to a large desktop screen or television.

## Prerequisites

It is mandatory to wrap the component in a `<ThemeProvider />` for the theming to work, like in the code snippet below.  
See <a href="?path=/docs/atoms-brand-identity-theming--theming">Theming</a> for more information.

##### **`app.tsx`**

```tsx
import React from 'react'

> import { Footer } from '@okp4/ui'

Reviewer 2: `ThemeProvider` import is missing from '@okp4/ui'

Author: added
